docs(general): Revise "imposter syndrome" language (#5016)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/author-libraries.md

Now webpack will bundle a library that can work with CommonJS, AMD, and script tag.

> T> Note that the `library` setup is tied to the `entry` configuration. For most libraries, specifying a single entry point is sufficient. While [multi-part libraries](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/tree/master/examples/multi-part-library) are possible, it is more straight-forward to expose partial exports through an [index script](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34072598/es6-exporting-importing-in-index-file) that serves as a single entry point. Using an `array` as an `entry` point for a library is **not recommended**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> Note that the `library` setup is tied to the `entry` configuration. For most libraries, specifying a single entry point is sufficient. While [multi-part libraries](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/tree/master/examples/multi-part-library) are possible, it is more straightforward to expose partial exports through an [index script](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34072598/es6-exporting-importing-in-index-file) that serves as a single entry point. Using an `array` as an `entry` point for a library is **not recommended**.
```
